README.md, before:

#  I Have It (ИМАМ ГО) 😊

A modern swipe-based marketplace platform for buying and selling second-hand items, built with vanilla JavaScript.

## 🌟 Features

- **Swipe Interface** - Tinder-like card swiping mechanism for browsing products
- **Dual Mode** - Switch between buying and selling modes
- **Categories** - Browse items by categories (Home, Electronics, Books, Fashion, etc.)
- **Favorites** - Save items you're interested in
- **User Registration** - Complete registration flow with email verification
- **Responsive Design** - Mobile-first approach with beautiful UI

## 🚀 Pages

- **Welcome Page** - Landing page with call-to-action
- **Registration** - User signup with email and phone verification
- **Home** - Choose between buying or selling modes
- **Swipe** - Main interface for browsing products with swipe gestures
- **Favorites** - View saved items

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: HTML5, CSS3, Vanilla JavaScript
- **Design**: Custom CSS with gradients and animations
- **Icons**: Emoji-based iconography
- **No frameworks** - Pure vanilla JavaScript implementation

## 📦 Project Structure

```
ihaveit/
├── index.html          # Entry point (redirects to welcome)
├── welcome.html        # Landing page
├── register.html       # User registration
├── verify.html         # Email/phone verification
├── home.html           # Action selection (buy/sell)
├── swipe.html          # Main swipe interface
├── favorites.html      # Saved items
├── app.js              # Main application logic
├── *.css               # Styling for each page
├── *.js                # Scripts for each page
└── bilder/             # Images directory
```

## 🎨 Design Features

- Clean, modern interface with green gradient theme
- Smooth animations and transitions
- Touch-friendly swipe gestures
- Responsive card layouts
- Beautiful typography using system fonts

## 🔧 Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/ihaveit.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
```bash
cd ihaveit
```

3. Open `index.html` in your browser or use a local server:
```bash
# Using Python
python -m http.server 8000

# Using Node.js
npx http-server
```

4. Visit `http://localhost:8000` in your browser

## 💡 Usage

1. **Start** - Visit the welcome page and click "ПРИСЪЕДИНИ СЕ" (Join)
2. **Register** - Fill in your details and verify your email/phone
3. **Choose Mode** - Select whether you want to buy or sell
4. **Browse** - Swipe right (❤️) to like items or left (✕) to pass
5. **Favorites** - Check your saved items in the favorites section

## 🎯 Key Interactions

- **Swipe Right** - Like/Save an item
- **Swipe Left** - Skip an item
- **Drag Cards** - Visual feedback with rotation and opacity
- **Click Actions** - Alternative to swiping for desktop users

## 🌐 Language

Interface is in Bulgarian (Български), targeting the Bulgarian market.

## 📱 Browser Support

- Chrome (recommended)
- Firefox
- Safari
- Edge
- Mobile browsers (iOS Safari, Chrome Mobile)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## 📄 License

This project is open source and available under the MIT License.

## 👥 Author

Created with ❤️ for the Bulgarian community

---

**ИМАМ ГО** - *Е ДВИЖЕНИЕ, НЕ ПРОСТО ПРИЛОЖЕНИЕ* (It's a movement, not just an app)

Commit message:

Add Live Site section to README

README.md, after:

#  I Have It (ИМАМ ГО) 😊

A modern swipe-based marketplace platform for buying and selling second-hand items, built with vanilla JavaScript.

## 🌐 Live Site

**[Visit ИМАМ ГО →](https://niko5886.github.io/ihaveit/)**

Try out the live demo and experience the swipe-based marketplace!

## 🌟 Features

- **Swipe Interface** - Tinder-like card swiping mechanism for browsing products
- **Dual Mode** - Switch between buying and selling modes
- **Categories** - Browse items by categories (Home, Electronics, Books, Fashion, etc.)
- **Favorites** - Save items you're interested in
- **User Registration** - Complete registration flow with email verification
- **Responsive Design** - Mobile-first approach with beautiful UI

## 🚀 Pages

- **Welcome Page** - Landing page with call-to-action
- **Registration** - User signup with email and phone verification
- **Home** - Choose between buying or selling modes
- **Swipe** - Main interface for browsing products with swipe gestures
- **Favorites** - View saved items

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: HTML5, CSS3, Vanilla JavaScript
- **Design**: Custom CSS with gradients and animations
- **Icons**: Emoji-based iconography
- **No frameworks** - Pure vanilla JavaScript implementation

## 📦 Project Structure

```
ihaveit/
├── index.html          # Entry point (redirects to welcome)
├── welcome.html        # Landing page
├── register.html       # User registration
├── verify.html         # Email/phone verification
├── home.html           # Action selection (buy/sell)
├── swipe.html          # Main swipe interface
├── favorites.html      # Saved items
├── app.js              # Main application logic
├── *.css               # Styling for each page
├── *.js                # Scripts for each page
└── bilder/             # Images directory
```

## 🎨 Design Features

- Clean, modern interface with green gradient theme
- Smooth animations and transitions
- Touch-friendly swipe gestures
- Responsive card layouts
- Beautiful typography using system fonts

## 🔧 Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/ihaveit.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
```bash
cd ihaveit
```

3. Open `index.html` in your browser or use a local server:
```bash
# Using Python
python -m http.server 8000

# Using Node.js
npx http-server
```

4. Visit `http://localhost:8000` in your browser

## 💡 Usage

1. **Start** - Visit the welcome page and click "ПРИСЪЕДИНИ СЕ" (Join)
2. **Register** - Fill in your details and verify your email/phone
3. **Choose Mode** - Select whether you want to buy or sell
4. **Browse** - Swipe right (❤️) to like items or left (✕) to pass
5. **Favorites** - Check your saved items in the favorites section

## 🎯 Key Interactions

- **Swipe Right** - Like/Save an item
- **Swipe Left** - Skip an item
- **Drag Cards** - Visual feedback with rotation and opacity
- **Click Actions** - Alternative to swiping for desktop users

## 🌐 Language

Interface is in Bulgarian (Български), targeting the Bulgarian market.

## 📱 Browser Support

- Chrome (recommended)
- Firefox
- Safari
- Edge
- Mobile browsers (iOS Safari, Chrome Mobile)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## 📄 License

This project is open source and available under the MIT License.

## 👥 Author

Created with ❤️ for the Bulgarian community

---

**ИМАМ ГО** - *Е ДВИЖЕНИЕ, НЕ ПРОСТО ПРИЛОЖЕНИЕ* (It's a movement, not just an app)
